

DSARI - DO SOMETHING AND RECORD IT


dsari is a lightweight continuous integration (CI) system. It provides
scheduling, concurrency management and trigger capabilities, and is easy
to configure. Job scheduling is handled via dsari-daemon, while
dsari-render may be used to format job run information as HTML.


Requirements

dsari requires Python 2.7 or later, and will run on Unix-based
platforms. It uses the following non-core packages:

-   croniter, for parsing cron-style schedule definitions
-   python-dateutil, for parsing iCalendar RRULE-style schedule
    definitions
-   Jinja2, for rendering HTML reports
-   psycopg2, for PostgreSQL database support

All non-core packages are optional, with the following limitations:

-   If neither croniter nor python-dateutil are installed, dsari-daemon
    will run, but it will not process scheduled runs (i.e. manual
    triggers only).
-   Jinja2 is only required if you intend to use dsari-render.
-   psycopg2 is only required if you intend to use dsari with a
    PostgreSQL-backed database. By default, dsari uses a SQLite
    3 database.


Installation

dsari may be installed as any normal Python package:

    $ sudo python setup.py install

When this is done, dsari will expect its configuration file --
dsari.json -- in /usr/local/etc/dsari/, and will store its data in
/usr/local/lib/dsari/.

These locations may be customized by passing -c argument to dsari-* to
specify the configuration directory, and the data_dir configuration
option, respectively.

When dsari is installed directly in /usr/ (i.e. as part of distribution
packaging), the default configuration and data directories will be
/etc/dsari/ and /var/lib/dsari/, respectively.

dsari does not need to be installed at all, it can be run directly from
the repository directory. In this case, the default configuration and
data directories will be ~/.dsari/etc/ and ~/.dsari/var/, respectively.

The rest of these documents assume a locally-running setup, i.e.
~/.dsari/.


Configuration

A basic configuration for dsari.json looks as follows:

    {
        "jobs": {
            "sample-job": {
                "command": ["/usr/bin/env"],
                "schedule": "H/5 * * * *"
            }
        }
    }

This defines a job named "sample-job", which is run every 5 minutes.
Many more configuration options are available in the doc/ directory.


Running

Once dsari is configured, run dsari-daemon. By default, dsari-daemon
will run in the foreground, and can be used with a supervisor (upstart,
systemd, supervisord, etc). If given -d, it will daemonize.

When a job is scheduled to be run, it produces a "run". Runs are
identified by a UUID, the run output is stored in ~/.dsari/var/runs/,
and data related to the run (start time, stop time, exit code, etc) is
stored in a SQLite database at ~/.dsari/var/dsari.sqlite3.

When a run is executed, several environment variables are passed to the
program to be run:

    JOB_NAME=sample-job
    RUN_ID=fa0490b8-7a8e-4f6b-b73c-160199a9ff75
    PREVIOUS_RUN_ID=e5bd61b3-27f3-46ca-8169-372433056fc2
    PREVIOUS_SCHEDULE_TIME=1437004689.27
    PREVIOUS_START_TIME=1437004689.65
    PREVIOUS_STOP_TIME=1437004689.71
    PREVIOUS_EXIT_CODE=0

PREVIOUS_* variables are not set if there is no previous run. In
addition, several extra environment variables are present, if the job's
jenkins_environment option is set, to aid with migrations from Jenkins
setups:

    BUILD_NUMBER=fa0490b8-7a8e-4f6b-b73c-160199a9ff75
    BUILD_ID=fa0490b8-7a8e-4f6b-b73c-160199a9ff75
    BUILD_URL=file:///home/user/.dsari/var/runs/sample-job/fa0490b8-7a8e-4f6b-b73c-160199a9ff75/
    NODE_NAME=master
    BUILD_TAG=dsari-sample-job-fa0490b8-7a8e-4f6b-b73c-160199a9ff75
    JENKINS_URL=file:///home/user/.dsari/var/
    EXECUTOR_NUMBER=0
    WORKSPACE=/home/user/.dsari/var/runs/sample-job/fa0490b8-7a8e-4f6b-b73c-160199a9ff75


Reports

To render HTML reports, run dsari-render occasionally. This will produce
a series of HTML files in ~/.dsari/var/html/. You may then serve these
files, rsync them to a remote server, etc.


License

dsari - Do Something and Record It

Copyright (C) 2015-2016 Ryan Finnie

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
