.TH "DSARI\-INFO" "1" "" "" "dsari"
.SH NAME
.PP
dsari\-info \- dsari job/run information
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
dsari\-info \f[I]argument\f[] [\f[I]options\f[]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\f[C]dsari\-info\f[] lets you filter and output the dsari job
configuration and run data.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.B dump\-config
Dump a compiled, assembled configuration.
.RS
.PP
Options: none
.RE
.TP
.B list\-jobs
List known jobs.
Note that while \f[I]list\-jobs\f[] \f[I]\-\-format=json\f[] looks like
a valid job configuration array for dsari.json, it is not guaranteed to
be.
For a guaranteed loadable configuration, use \f[I]dump\-config\f[].
.RS
.PP
Options: \f[I]\-\-job\f[], \f[I]\-\-format\f[]
.RE
.TP
.B list\-runs
List recorded runs.
.RS
.PP
Options: \f[I]\-\-job\f[], \f[I]\-\-run\f[], \f[I]\-\-format\f[],
\f[I]\-\-epoch\f[]
.RE
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-config\-dir=\f[I]directory\f[], \-c \f[I]directory\f[]
Base configuration directory.
A file named \f[C]dsari.json\f[] is expected in this directory.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-\-job=\f[I]job_name\f[] [\-\-job=\f[I]job_name\f[]]
Job name to filter.
Can be given multiple times.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-\-run=\f[I]run_id\f[] [\-\-run=\f[I]run_id\f[]]
Run ID to filter.
Can be given multiple times.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-\-format=\f[I]format\f[]
Output format to present data in.
Valid values: \f[I]tabular\f[] (default), \f[I]json\f[], \f[I]yaml\f[].
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-\-epoch
Output times in Unix epoch format (seconds since 1970\-01\-01), instead
of ISO 8601.
.RS
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.IP \[bu] 2
\f[C]dsari\-daemon\f[]
.IP \[bu] 2
dsari (https://github.com/rfinnie/dsari)
.SH AUTHORS
Ryan Finnie.
